MS Entra Enhancement (#36915)
demisto/content: Packs/MicrosoftEntraID/README.md

More information can be found [here](https://docs-cortex.paloaltonetworks.com/r/Cortex-XSIAM/Cortex-XSIAM-Administrator-Guide/Ingest-Logs-from-Microsoft-Azure-Event-Hub?tocId=yjPDSlvRYtlNncGBLHOzvw).

#### Native O365 Collector

To collect logs for the **msft_azure_ad_raw** and **msft_azure_ad_audit_raw** datasets, you will need to create or configure the Office 365 collector.

> Use the information described [here](https://docs-cortex.paloaltonetworks.com/r/Cortex-XDR/Cortex-XDR-Pro-Administrator-Guide/Ingest-Logs-from-Microsoft-Office-365).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the information described [here](https://docs-cortex.paloaltonetworks.com/r/Cortex-XDR/Cortex-XDR-Documentation/Ingest-logs-from-Microsoft-Office-365).
```

To access the Office 365 Native Collector on your Cortex XSIAM tenant:
1.  On the left panel, click **Settings** &rarr; **Data Sources**
2.  At the top-right corner, click **Add Data Source**
3.  Search for **Office 365** and click **Connect**.
4.  Input the mandatory and required credentials for **Azure AD** and **Azure AD Audit**:

>     * Mark the checkboxes **Azure AD Authentication Logs** &rarr; **Collect all sign-in event types**.
>     * Mark the checkboxes **Azure AD Audit Logs**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Mark the **Azure AD Authentication Logs** &rarr; **Collect all sign-in event types** checkbox.
    * Mark the **Azure AD Audit Logs** checkbox.
```
